everybody in copenhagen looks like a model.
kobenhavn is wild cbs students are beautiful.
heard a child cry in danish today...surreal experience.
it's all about the swag.
it's sunny in copenhagen. not a misprint.
It is amazing outside.
Way more connected to the world than I was this morning.
Notorious is the best ever.
Christian dior denim flow.
Europe is wild.
that feeling you get when you know its going to be a wild night.
everyday you realize more.
Weezy is free.
danced so much it hurts.
Copenhagen is cold and dark but i still love being home.
When I reminisce about the last 4 months I can't help but be overwhelmed by all of the fantastic moments. And as I ponder about the next 4, it is nothing short of exhilirating.
I am 21 so i can say it. We are on that grey goose level right now.
america feels so good.
I could watch highlights of the heat clowning the lakers all day and night.
Shanghai was wild and beautiful. Ready for Hong Kong!
Hong Kong might actually be the wildest city in the whole world.
i think my roomie has insomnia and i just party a lot.
My school is on a mountain surrounded by mountains.
can't stop eating sushi.
Too many bottles.
i have no voice, karaoke got me.
this can't be real life.
the horsetrack in downtown is wild and beautiful.
can't wait for kung fu panda 2.
There is nothing in the world like partying on the 29th floor in downtown Hong Kong.
never ever order an extra spicy kebab in lan kwai fong.
dominated the horse track.
When I was 13 years old in I was stuck in traffic in Miami and realized I could never live a life like that. Routine mundane letting my life waste away. Now I'm in downtown Hong Kong on the 28th floor listening to empire state of mind.
It's a beautiful day and I found my ipod after losing it for 3 days, things are looking up.
such an epic night. i love hong kong.
that chop stick and dim sum life.
witnessed the most asian presentation ever today. students in the class even took pictures.
my room is an igloo.
been having the craziest dreams.
if we brought the djs from copenhagen the prices from america the lovely women from copenhagen and america and combined them with the beautiful women of hong kong, and put everything in downtown hong kong, we would have the pinnacle of civilization.
i need a big club with beautiful people and house music.
have to decide what I want to do with my future.
when the clowns clown and the wind tells you secrets you let the voice whisper in your ear and you embrace the truth with earnest. I have seen the light and i have accepted the future when they doubt you, you tell them to fuck off because you are wild and free and no dog can bark logic.
Hong Kong is a sauna
my last days in Hong Kong, I don't want to sleep for any of it
in tokyo. i feel the potential
The blazers on and it's a perfect night. See you on the scene even if I don't see you.
The key to life and success, according to the random 80 year old multimillionaire who invited me to go golfing and I just had lunch with, .... a good attitude with your clients and colleagues.
There is so much potential tonight.
damn Amy Winehouse dead at 27. Legends die young.
Vibin Big Sean's Finally Famous.
watch the throne is a masterpiece.
I'm wild right now.
ive never seen such ignorant country shit ever in my life.
Before I left our vocabulary consisted of 3 words: aggressive, potential, and wild. We have now added 3 more words since I've been back. Classless, trash, and banned.
We might get loud and belligerent, but this is a house of culture and art.
swagged in the art show to look at Picasso, Monet, and Warhol over some red wine, but it's hard to swag when millionaires are mingling.
There is only one thing in life that matters. Inspiration.
Life is so beautiful there is so much potential.
the hardest part is coming back, you think you want to then you realize what you had. the truth is to live the lie is to regret.
Beautiful night, cocktails, delicious dinner by a beautiful woman, friends, and Amy Winehouse. True happiness is rare but not as rare as you think.
just found out steve aoki is asian.

